#summary URLs exposed by the Plotter-Webservice.
#labels Phase-Design

= URL Scheme =

Plotter uses a simple url-scheme to allow requests for date-information.

{{{/dates/{date}/{country}/{zip[s]}/}}}

{_date_}  is a date in the format _yyyy-mm-dd_ (month and day being optional) or a string 'today', 'tomorrow', etc:
{country} is a two-character countrycode.
{zip} is either one full or partial zipcode or a list of full zipcodes seperated by commas.


= Example URLs =

A list of URLs that the Webservice will expose. Every URL will have a json-representation (will it?) and most of them will also return text/html.

  * /dates/_time_/_country_/_place_/

  * /dates/today/?cat=2,3,11,4   - all dates today with the categories 2,3,4 and 11
  * /dates/2008-06/de/50672/     - all dates in june 08 in germany zipcode 50672
  * /dates/2008-06/de/50/        - all dates in june 08 in germany zipcode 50
  * /dates/2008-06-14/           - all dates on 14th june 08 

  * /dates/2008-06-14/domingo-club/    - one specific date  - DIFFERENTLY IMPLEMENTED

The following URL-Examples are not yet implemeted:

  * /dates/2008-06/de/koeln/     - all dates in june 08 in cologne, germay

  * /dates/today/1.231233,2.34234/walking/   - all dates today in walking distance of

  * /locations/gebaeude9/                    - all (upcoming?) dates at one location 

  * /events/2008/fantasy-filmfest-cologne/   - all dates belonging to a certain event
  * /events/2008/                            - all events in 2008 


Problem with this URL-Layout is that there is no possiblity of filtering for location without filtering for dates.

Also problematic might be that _/dates/2008-06-14/domingo-club/_ doesnt contain location information. Not possible to differentiate two Domingo Clubs at the same day in two cities.
